---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---

## My Groups final progress
Coming into the project finale, I was very nervous to present our work a I did not feel satisfactory with our work. I was worried about our presentation even after preparing for it and working hard on the slides and structures. However, after the presentation I felt good about our presentation and felt that we spoke about a lot of experiences that many groups when through. I was happy to share the floor with my great group members who showed their enthusiasm in our joint effort. I know that I said in our presentation that I may not continue to contribute to Bitwarden, however, due to my stubbornness and unsatisfied feeling, I plan to make at least one more meaningful contribtion to Bitwarden.
<!--more-->
## Presentations
The following group's presentations were very interesting to watch and enjoy. I found many similarities in all of the group's sharing of best moments and biggest challenges. Many of the group's presentations piqued my interest to explore the open source project that they worked on. One of my favorite groups to list to was the Godot presentation as it seemed that all members were passionate about game development. Not only did I learn a lot about game development and its history, I also learned about various ways to contribute to open source projects. I was also interested in using Gitlab after hearing from the group's presentation and it sounds like a great project to contribute towards. All of these presentations showcased the great nature of open source and are great examples of team collaboration.
